HowTo guide - one worker for all stores and it's benefits (#2011)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/tutorials-and-howtos/howtos/howto-reduce-jenkins-execution-costs-without-refactoring.md

    public function __construct(
        ProcessManagerInterface $processManager,
        QueueConfig $queueConfig,
        QueueClientInterface $queueClient,
        array $queueNames,
        QueueProcessingStrategyInterface $queueProcessingStrategy,
        SignalDispatcherInterface $signalDispatcher,
        SystemResourcesManagerInterface $sysResManager,
        LoggerInterface $logger
    ) {
        $this->processManager = $processManager;
        $this->queueConfig = $queueConfig;
        $this->queueClient = $queueClient;
        $this->queueNames = $queueNames;
        $this->queueProcessingStrategy = $queueProcessingStrategy;
        $this->signalDispatcher = $signalDispatcher;
        $this->signalDispatcher->dispatch($this->queueConfig->getSignalsForGracefulWorkerShutdown());
        $this->sysResManager = $sysResManager;
        $this->logger = $logger;

        $this->processes = new SplFixedArray($this->queueConfig->getQueueWorkerMaxProcesses());
        $this->stats = new WorkerStats();
    }

    /**
     * @param string $timerName
     * @param string $message
     * @param string $level
     * @param int $intervalSec
     *
     * @return void
     */

>     protected function logNotOftenThan(string $timerName, string $message, string $level = 'debug', int $intervalSec = 1): void

Reviewer: mb we can strip this example from additional code like logging and just replace those with comments e.g. //Here you can log smth here

    {
        if (microtime(true) - ($this->timers[$timerName] ?? 0) >= $intervalSec) {
            $this->timers[$timerName] = microtime(true);
            $this->logger->$level($message);
        }
    }

    /**
     * @param string $command
     * @param array<string, mixed> $options
     *
     * @return void
     */
    public function start(string $command, array $options = []): void
    {

>         $maxThreshold = $this->queueConfig->getQueueWorkerMaxThreshold();

Reviewer: just from the readability point of view, could you describe this config values here instead of in the bottom of the page. It's pretty clear how to "connect" them, but it requires a bit more time to do so

        $delayIntervalMilliseconds = $this->queueConfig->getQueueWorkerInterval();
        $shouldIgnoreZeroMemory = $this->queueConfig->shouldIgnoreNotDetectedFreeMemory();

        $startTime = microtime(true);
        $lastStart = 0;
        $maxMemGrowthFactor = 0;

        while (microtime(true) - $startTime < $maxThreshold) {

>             $this->stats->addCycle();

Reviewer: without looking into diff it's a bit hard to understand what this stats is doing. Would be nice to give a explanation as a comment here

>             if (!$this->sysResManager->enoughResources($shouldIgnoreZeroMemory)) {

Reviewer: This is only me, but I would call it `isEnoughResources` :) Not a blocker though

                $this->stats->addProcQty('failed');

                $this->logger->error(sprintf('> --- FREE: %d MB', $this->sysResManager->getFreeMemory()));
                $this->logger->error($process->getCommandLine());
                $this->logger->error('Std output:' . $process->getOutput());
                $this->logger->error('Error output: ' . $process->getErrorOutput());
                $this->logger->error('< ---');
            }

            $this->stats->addErrorQty($process->getExitCodeText());
        }

        if ($this->runningProcessesCount !== $runningProcCount) {
            $this->logger->info(sprintf('RUNNING PROC = %d', $runningProcCount));
        }

        // current vs previous
        $this->stats->addProcQty('max', (int)max($this->runningProcessesCount, $runningProcCount));

        $this->runningProcessesCount = $runningProcCount; // current

        return $runningProcCount === $this->processes->count() ?
            null :
            $freeIndex;
    }
}
```
</details>

### Configuration

#### Enable/Disable custom Worker

In the project, the functionality can be activated and deactivated using the following configuration flag:

```php

> $config[QueueConstants::QUEUE_ONE_WORKER_ALL_STORES] = (bool)getenv('QUEUE_ONE_WORKER_ALL_STORES') ?? false;

Author: I've removed it from the documentation, not critical for the example

```php
$config[QueueConstants::QUEUE_WORKER_IGNORE_MEM_READ_FAILURE] = false; // default false - meaning there will be an exception if the Worker can't read the system memory info
```

#### Other Important Parameters

```php
$config[QueueConstants::QUEUE_WORKER_MAX_THRESHOLD_SECONDS] = 3600; // default is 60 seconds, 1 minute, it is safe to have it as 1 hour instead
```

How much more memory Worker can consume compared to its starting memory consumption, before it is considered critical. This setting is useful to detect a memory leak, if such a thing happens during a period of long running Worker execution. 

In this case, the Worker will finish its execution and Jenkins will be responsible for spawning a new instance.

```php
$config[QueueConstants::QUEUE_WORKER_MEMORY_MAX_GROWTH_FACTOR] = 50; // in percent %
```

# When to use and when not to use it?

Currently this solution proved to be useful for multi-store setup environments with more than 2 stores operated within a single AWS region, although projects with only 2 stores can benefit with this solution as well.

> At the same time it worth mentioning that for single store setup - it doesn't make sense to apply this customization. Although there are no drawbacks, it won't provide any significant benefits in performance, just better logging.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the same time it worth mentioning that for it does not make sense to apply this customization for a single store setup. Although there are no drawbacks, it won't provide any significant benefits in performance, just better logging.
```

```php
$config[QueueConstants::QUEUE_WORKER_IGNORE_MEM_READ_FAILURE] = false; // default false - meaning there will be exception if Worker can't read system memory info
```

#### Other Important Parameters

```php
$config[QueueConstants::QUEUE_WORKER_MAX_THRESHOLD_SECONDS] = 3600; // default is 60 seconds, 1 minute, it is safe to have it 1h instead
```

How much more memory Worker can consume compared to its starting memory consumption, before it is considered critical, this setting is useful to detect a memory leak, if such a thing happens during a period of long running Worker execution. 

In such case Worker will finish it's execution and Jenkins will be responsible for spawning a new instance.

```php
$config[QueueConstants::QUEUE_WORKER_MEMORY_MAX_GROWTH_FACTOR] = 50; // in percent %
```

# When to use and when not to use it?

> Currently this solution proved to be useful for multi-store setup environments with more than 2 stores operated within single AWS region, although projects with only 2 stores can benefit with this solution as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently this solution proved to be useful for multi-store setup environments with more than 2 stores operated within a single AWS region, although projects with only 2 stores can benefit with this solution as well.
```

## The Process Pool

In computer science, a pool refers to a collection of resources that are kept in memory and ready to use. In this context, we have a fixed-sized pool (fixed-size array) where new processes are only run if there is space available among the other running processes. This approach allows us to have better control over the number of processes launched by the OOTB solution, resulting in more predictable memory consumption.

![image](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/dev/tutorials-and-howtos/howtos/howto-reduce-jenkins-execution-cost-without-refactoring/NewWorker+Flow.png)

> We define the total number of simultaneously running processes for the entire setup on the EC2 instance level. This makes it easier to manage, as we can monitor the average memory consumption for the process pool. If it's too low, we can increase the pool size, and if it's too high, we can decrease it. Additionally, we check the available memory (RAM) and prevent spawning additional processes if it is too low, ensuring system stability. Execution statistics provide valuable insights for decision-making, including adjusting the pool size or scaling up/down the EC2 instance.

Reviewer: Can we add a bit more details on this solution? Mb some example

## Error Logging

In addition to statistics, we also capture the output of children's processes in the standard output of the main worker process. This simplifies troubleshooting by providing logs with store and queue names.

![image](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/dev/tutorials-and-howtos/howtos/howto-reduce-jenkins-execution-cost-without-refactoring/stats-error-log.png)

## Edge Cases/Limitation

Child processes are killed at the end of each minute, which means those batches that were in progress - will be abandoned and return to the source queue to be processed during the next run. While we didn’t notice any issues with this approach, please note that this is still experimental approach and may or may not improve in future. The recommendation to mitigate this is to use smaller batches to ensure children processes are running within seconds or up to 10s (rough estimate) - to reduce the number of messages that will be retried.

## Implementation

Two ways are possible

1. Applying a patch, although it may require conflict resolution, since it is applied on project level and each project may have unique customisations already in place.

> ```bash

Reviewer: Can we add a bit more implementation details here with some description? Diff is a great thing to provide a solution quickly, but I would like to see some code examples with description what exactly we are doing. This will help projects with a custom code
